Homework assignment n.2
Computational Visual Design Lab (CVDLab)
DIA, "Roma Tre" University, Rome, Italy
Computational Graphics 2012

Introduction
This modeling task concerns the construction of a Javascript (simplified) model of an historical aircraft. The choice 
of the aircraft to be modeled, e.g. from the The Shuttleworth Aircraft Collection is left to the student. An image of 
the chosen model must be enclosed to the project directory.

Start by looking at the whole collection, and choose an aircraft of your interest. Plan carefully how to decompose the 
model into pieces to be modeled independently, looking also for further documentation on the web. In case, enclose 
useful images and/or drawings into your project folder. A description (and nomenclature) of airplane parts can be found 
in http://www.grc.nasa.gov/WWW/k-12/airplane/airplane.html. Start the programming works, item by item, only after 
careful planning and design of the model.

The programming assignment must be produced in JavaScript language, using the Plasm.js development environment found at 
http://cvd-lab.github.com/plasm.js/ location, and in particular using transfinite Bezier and/or transfinite Hermite 
and/or transfinite NUBS splines.

Exercises
Exercise 1
Produce the model of a single wing in a local coordinate system.

Exercise 2
Produce the model of the fuselage (local coordinate system).

Exercise 3
Produce the model of horizontal and vertical stabilizers (local coordinate system).

Exercise 4
Assemble the various assemblies and/or subassemblies into a single model.

Exercise 5
Model a reasonably simplified airstrip, and put there your aircraft model.

Assignment delivery
For each exercise you must produce a corresponding file exercise1.js, exercise2.js, etc.
Such files must be contained in a directory entitled 2012-05-04, pushed into your repository in cvdlab-cg organization:
https://github.com/cvdlab-cg/xxxxxx where xxxxxx is the student ID (matricola). All support material such as images of 
the aircraft, airplane parts detail pictures, etc, must be put in a directory named material and pushed into the same 
repository as the exercise files. At least one picture of the selected aircraft must be included and named aircraft.
[png|jpg|jpeg].